I don't know what it is, but this thing is amazing. It might be the ripples, or the soft firmness, or the size, or, possibly, it just curves at that perfect angle. I love this thing. If it where longer it would be better.
My wife was a bit apprehensive at first. But, she mostly got over it. Based on her reactions, it feels great.
At first glance this thing looks intimidating, but don’t let the looks scare you. Discreet packaging, no smell at all like some have. It came with a small 8oz. tube of lube that had a thick consistency, almost like a thick snot. I know, that sounds gross. Waited for the perfect time so I could be alone with no one else at home.
This is a great toy for both me and my god loving partner - we love it! We named him Stan-the-Ham, after the sexy man who sits two rows ahead of us at church and who we assume has similar proportions based on the way his wife walks. 
Very big and thick
Not too bad but too soft too enjoy 
First the good. My wife loved it. It's big and soft but not to soft. It will definitely fill you up. It looks awesome. 
It's very big, a bit floppy and to heavy
floppy and limp 
Not so much for beginners, but def used for a bit more experienced lady’s imo Other than that it was huge
It’s sticky wife doesn’t like it at all feels horrible she says
Has a really weird Smell
Absolutely HUGE !!!!! Definitely NOT FOR BEGINNERS
Way too squishy.
LOL.....Like an arm.....LOL
I did not like the way the chef in the balls after a while it will break right there so do not get this product 
Looks good, but it is extremely rough and dry even after applying lubricant. 
Its massive .....No no not gonna do it too big too hard too much . 
it isnt even 12 inches, but its way wider than it looks! A little over 2 1/2 width.
Is a little small not what i thought it would be 
Not for me. Head is too hard and the girth is crazy!
Ive see lots of people with a smiling face and a destroyed (_ O _) <<<--- bottom Hahahaha. So from the reviews it got me curious and said why not? YOLO Lol.
This a real trophy for the mantle. Way too big for me to even consider it. It also smells up the whole house.
Smelled awful and was super firm, basically no give at all which made it a real hassle. 
Tip bigger than the shaft. Making penetration uncomfortable even if you can take big sizes. 
Man i wish she could have handled it. Would have been one hell of a sight. Made well and for people looking for the big experience this is it. 
Impressively big, thick & hard. Seems best suited to the top 80% of vaginas. 
not enough girth 
use mine for fence post ,huge 
The length and girth is just ok. I would prefer it to have a bit more girth and can easily take the length. The head is very hard and actually hurts when inside. Its much harder than any other toy that I've used in the past.
Never used it on myself so I can't leave an honest review there. Having said that, I do wish it was a lil bit stiffer so my cockatiel didn't bounce around so much during shower time. Other than that, and the fact that Benjy is more of an uncut guy.
I call it my best friend now lol, am I a psycho??? I actually ENJOYED using this, it’s SO soft! Almost too soft! But as long as you have someone using it that knows what they’re doing, it gets the job done! ;) 
great! It definitely gets the job done.
Decent size, big enough to keep her entertained, small enough to keep it tight for me. No envy issues haha firm enough to get the job done but soft enough not to be rigid.
It is small but gets the job done.